it began the night king Louis was born I
was summoned to a rear door of the
palace the Queen had given birth to
twins that night when the King died
Dewey came to the throne he instructed
them to knock his brother away forever I
am a young king but I am King then be a
good king in an era of revolution Your
Majesty there are riots in Paris the
next time your riders shoot them by
Royal Decree
they have one man's past wasn't race
just earth his appearance concealed
merit until you die and and his name
remained a mystery
he's you until men of courage when we
were young men and we saw injustice we
forty Louie is the dog I have not yet
lost faith that he may become the king
we all wish him to be why do you follow
him why you will hunt down Porthos Athos
and Aramis and bring me their heads or I
will have yours made a choice you will
burn him
for I am King ordained by God praise the
Sun who destroys lives it's Judgment Day
between loyalty can it ask me to betray
my camp I have sworn an oath you're the
traitor and treason what do you propose
to do replace the King are you doing
I am your escape to freedom I did
you take my king and I shall take yours
he's my brother my twin my blood fact
which has kept him alive until now
from the Academy award-nominated writer
of Braveheart United Artists Pictures
presents
Leonardo DiCaprio Jeremy Irons John
Malkovich Gerard Depardieu Gabriel Byrne
a train these men they will fight to the
death but if we must die let it be like
this one for all all for one
shoot them
the man in the iron mask